Add installation instructions for all platforms (#4592)
KittyCAD/modeling-app: INSTALL.md

# Setting Up Zoo Modeling App

> Compared to other CAD software, getting Zoo Modeling App up and running is quick and straightforward across platforms. It's about 100MB to download and is quick to install.

Reviewer: Okay _marketing_ 😄

## Windows

1. Download the [Zoo Modeling App installer](https://zoo.dev/modeling-app/download) for Windows and for your processor type.

2. Once downloaded, run the installer `Zoo Modeling App-{version}-{arch}-win.exe` which should take a few seconds.

3. The installation happens at `C:\Program Files\Zoo Modeling App`. A shortcut in the start menu is also created so you can run the app easily by clicking on it.

## macOS

1. Download the [Zoo Modeling App installer](https://zoo.dev/modeling-app/download) for macOS and for your processor type.

2. Once downloaded, open the disk image `Zoo Modeling App-{version}-{arch}-mac.dmg` and drag the applications to your `Applications` directory.

3. You can then open your `Applications` directory and double-click on `Zoo Modeling App` to open.

## Linux 

1. Download the [Zoo Modeling App installer](https://zoo.dev/modeling-app/download) for Linux and for your processor type.

2. Install the dependencies needed to run the [AppImage format](https://appimage.org/).
    -  On Ubuntu, install the FUSE library with these commands in a terminal.
       ```bash
       sudo apt update
       sudo apt install libfuse2
       ```

>     - Further desktop environment can be achieved by installing `appimaged`, see [these steps](https://github.com/probonopd/go-appimage/blob/master/src/appimaged/README.md#initial-setup). 
> 
> 2. Once downloaded, copy the downloaded `Zoo Modeling App-{version}-{arch}-linux.AppImage` to the directory of your choice, for instance `~/Applications`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Follow the [these steps](https://github.com/probonopd/go-appimage/blob/master/src/appimaged/README.md#initial-setup) to install `appimaged`. It is a daemon that makes interacting with AppImage files more seamless. 

2. Once the dependencies are installed, copy the downloaded `Zoo Modeling App-{version}-{arch}-linux.AppImage` to the directory of your choice, for instance `~/Applications`.
```

Author: Appreciate it, thank you @TomPridham!
